#Preview 1
In this preview, I am showing the framework for my webpage called "An Honest Review of Every Class I Have Taken at Pitt." It's a bit of a long title, but I think it is acceptable for now. Just making this framework took a lot of work. Right now, I have six html documents in my docs folder. I am still not sure about the breakdown categories of my courses since I have a few classes like chemistry and biology that do not fit into the current division of Home, Communication, Writing, Spanish, and Gen Eds. I think I could add them to Gen Eds.
I started playing around with a little bit of CSS, and I downloaded a font from Google Fonts (credited in my assets.md file) to make the file look a little bit better as I added more content. I used a photograph that I have of the Cathedral of Learning as a background image, and I am not sure if I want to keep it or not. I have decided not to include my professors' names in these reviews because I do not want to offend anyone, and I do not want that to hold me back from giving an honest review since my name is attached to this website.
For my next steps, I want to play more with the responsive design aspects that we have learned about in the tutorials to adjust the formatting for different devices like laptops, tablets, and smartphones. This will help me as I figure out ways to include my own work from these classes on the webpage. I also may add more to the home page. I was really proud of the ticked boxes feature that I added when showing the factors that made me decide to go to Pitt. I also spent a lot of time formatting the nav bar to get the appropriate colors, spacing between the words, links, et cetera.
I am really proud of the work that I have done so far with this project, and I think that I am off to a solid start! I have already learned a lot about HTML and CSS, so I am excited to keep building on it to make this the website of my dreams!

#Preview 2:
This week has been very busy for me, so I am excited to have more time to work on this project over the weekend before peer reviews. For this preview, I was able to work out some of the formatting so that the text doesn't go from one side of the page to the other. My content text was too hard to read before, so I made the formatting smaller for the paragraphs. I also added a background color to the h1s and paragraphs that is yellow and partially transparent. I really like the effect that this made, and I was very impressed that I figured it out! I also changed the font of the webpage using Google Fonts (cited in "assets.md") I cannot figure out how to get the checkbox list that I have on the homepage to get into the same format as the rest of the page, so I will try to keep working on that. I also need to think about how I want to integrate my own content for the classes, and I'll probably rework the categories for classes like I keep talking about doing. 
